Add generateAddresses (#651)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: docs/libraries/nodejs/api_reference.md

Generates a new unused address and returns it.

#### generateAddresses(amount)

> Generates amount new unused address and returns it.

Reviewer: Generates the given amount of new unused addresses and returns it.

> Generates amount new unused address and returns it.

Author: ```suggestion
Generates the given amount of new unused addresses and returns it.
```
